README.md, before:

# (Application Name)

#### (Brief Description of Application)

#### By (Your Name Here)

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* ESLint
* Babel
* webpack
* .env
* markdown
* git
* Jest
* npm
* node.js

## Description

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone the repository to your computer.
<!-- * If needed, sign up for an account with API at the developer site.
* Get an API key by clicking "Create an App." -->
* Create a file '.env' and place it in the root folder of the downloaded repository.
Include API_KEY={your API key} in the text of the .env file.
* Navigate to the root folder of this downloaded repository in your terminal.
* For Mac users, check that the setting in package.json looks like this “lint”: “eslint ‘src/**/*.js’”
* Run npm install.
* Run npm run start to open the page in your default browser.
* Open index.html in your browser and follow the directions given on the webpage OR by using the liveserver.

## Known Bugs

* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License
Enjoy the site! If you have questions or suggestions for fixing the code, please contact me!

MIT License Copyright (c) 2023 Sarah Andyshak. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add other files
Co-authored-by: johnedisc <christopher.johnedis@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: David Jandron <jandron1211@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: John <john.lenz27@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: E Luckie <eluckie.d@gmail.com>
Co-Authored by: Mesha Devan <madsketchz@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# (Application Name)

#### (Brief Description of Application)

#### By Sarah Andyshak, Christ Johnedis, David Jandron, John Lenz, Luckie, and Mesha Devan

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* ESLint
* Babel
* webpack
* .env
* markdown
* git
* Jest
* npm
* node.js

## Description

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone the repository to your computer.
<!-- * If needed, sign up for an account with API at the developer site.
* Get an API key by clicking "Create an App." -->
* Create a file '.env' and place it in the root folder of the downloaded repository.
Include API_KEY={your API key} in the text of the .env file.
* Navigate to the root folder of this downloaded repository in your terminal.
* For Mac users, check that the setting in package.json looks like this “lint”: “eslint ‘src/**/*.js’”
* Run npm install.
* Run npm run start to open the page in your default browser.
* Open index.html in your browser and follow the directions given on the webpage OR by using the liveserver.

## Known Bugs

* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License
Enjoy the site! If you have questions or suggestions for fixing the code, please contact me!

MIT License Copyright (c) 2023 Sarah Andyshak, Christ Johnedis, David Jandron, John Lenz, Luckie, and Mesha Devan. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
